fix: add a few missing DEB/RPM instructions for license activation; shell source is for quick install (#6652)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb3/enterprise/admin/license.md

    - Use the [`--license-file`](/influxdb3/enterprise/reference/config-options/#license-file)
      option with the `influxdb3 serve` command
    - Set the `INFLUXDB3_ENTERPRISE_LICENSE_FILE` environment variable.

>     - Set the [`license-file`](/influxdb3/enterprise/reference/config-options/#license-file) option in the `/etc/influxdb3/influxdb3-enterprise.conf` file (DEB/RPM installs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **CLI option:** Use the [`--license-file`](/influxdb3/enterprise/reference/config-options/#license-file)
      option with the `influxdb3 serve` command
    - **Environment variable:** Set the `INFLUXDB3_ENTERPRISE_LICENSE_FILE` environment variable.
    - **TOML config (DEB/RPM-only):** Set the [`license-file`](/influxdb3/enterprise/reference/config-options/#license-file) option in the [`/etc/influxdb3/influxdb3-enterprise.conf` file](/influxdb3/enterprise/install/#toml-configuration-linux) for a DEB or RPM install
```
